what's up what's up what's up Randy Van
Patten here in the drum vault here as
you can see I've downsized a little bit
trying something new and exciting which
is always good for your drumming break
it up a little bit all of a sudden start
playing differently feeling things
differently coming up with different
style fills and things of that nature so
break it up
I went smaller why not have some fun
with it so here we are in the drum vault
vans German comm I wanted to see a teach
a little lesson here that I was inspired
by animal yes he was on Jay Leno the
other night and he was do this really
cool double bass with Tom's and a snare
drum in the ride action it was awesome
so we're going to share that with you
right now here so basically I'll play it
for you first and then we'll break it
down a little bit here we go
so basically you're basically basically
you're basically and you're basically
doing that and this and the other so
basically you were gonna whack your
right hand on the snare two hits and
then you're gonna do the left hand on
the TomTom two hits on your bass drum
then you're gonna switch over to the
ride cymbal two hits snare drum and then
two into your bass drum they need to hit
your crash cymbal with your bass drum
then left handed snare or left hand
symbol right here snare play it slowly
forgot you're bringing your left hand
over and whack in the floor tom see with
this new view you can very well see
exactly what I'm doing here so here it
is here it is again slowly
the whole idea is make sure I'm trying
and of course swiping as I'm coming up
off my snare to try to hit the actual
Bell with a few hits but sometimes I may
be hitting the first hit on the side on
the side the ride here the other one in
the Bell so alright so there's your
lesson very good inspired by the very
own animal from the Muppets for those of
you don't remember animal go watch some
old puppet shows
so real quick before I go here today
this lesson it was like a quick little
one measure rip it out kind of lesson
wanted to get your thoughts so feel free
to comment below yeah down here I want
to know what your thoughts are and if
you were able to buy my DVD a new DVD
that was crammed packed with a hundred
and one of these things little nuggets
little little grooves pattern fills
whatever just 101 of them jam-packed in
there along with a book so every one of
the lessons is transcribed as well so
you be able to read along play along
watch Jam laugh giggle whatever you
would do anyway so check it out let me
know what you think that's my next
project 101 you know crazy little fills
craziness it's it's me off the rocker so
there you go thank you for joining vans
drumming calm and don't forget you good
bye both of my DVDs and vans drumming
comm there's still on crazy sale we've
extended it it's nutty it's wild whoa
okay have a wonderful day see